API Generator: Add support for filtering many-to-many-relations by id (#2127)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/unlucky-points-matter.md

---
"@comet/cms-api": minor
---

> CRUD Generator: Add support for filtering ManyToMany relations by id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API Generator: Add support for filtering many-to-many-relations by id
```
